Document: System Requirement Specification Document
Title:System Requirement Specifiaction for ArtForWellfare
Team:
	Customer
	visiter
	Artists
	NGo's

objective(purpose):
	The ArtForWellfare Web Application is intended to provide a online plateform for telented local artists,customers as well as NGO's through a single Gateway using internet.
it will enable artists to gift their art for help the society ,customers to browse through exquisite collection of art and online fundraising platform for needy organisations and peoples.

Scope:
	This System allows artists to add,remove their art and create event for specific NGO/person.
customer will be able to review orders history and may able to cancel order within 24 hours of order place.
NGO's and needy peoples can request for join the ArtForWellfare

Definations: 
	

	 
	
	
REQUIREMENTS:
1). Functional Requirements :
	Any annonymous user will be able to view all the arts available for sale.Any User will be able to select product to view from categories available.
Registered user will be able  
Artists will be able promote their telent by adding art to the art catalog maintained by system.
Artist will be able to update art details which have been already added to art catalog.
Artist will be informed when his/her arts will be purchased.
Artist will be able to create an event for a specific NGO or Needy person by adding Some of his/her arts.
Artists Will be able to Join already created events by adding their art.  
Art listing will be provided based on the artist and category of art.
Management team will be able to approve or reject request raised by NGO's and needy people on the basis of their provided documents.
consumer will be able to view all items from shopping cart.
Shopping cart will present Art details,number of item of art selected by consumer with price and total.
consumer will be able to initiate order placement process.
Registered Customer will be able to place order with the help of shopping cart  maintained by system.
Registered customer will be able to cancel placed order within 24 hours.
Registered customer will be able to view order history.
Registered customer can view orderdetails from orderes been placed.
Management Team will be able to get details of orders of a perticular customer.
Management Team will be able to cancel,reject or approve orders been placed by consumer due to some policies of business.
Management Team will be able to Reject,approve and remove NGO's and Needy peoples.
Management Team will be able to view summary of orders been placed,rejected from Order processing of system.

Consumer will be provided options for payment such as through internet banking  or  UPI  or Online payment option.
Consumer will asked to submit their payment related information.Consumer will be redirected to payment gateway for secure payment transaction.On successful payment processing using payment gateway system will notify consumer about transaction and order placement
status.

2).Non-Functional Requirement:
	Security:
		Registered Customer will allowed to place an order.
Each stakeholder will be to access system  through authentication process.
System will provide access to  the content , operations using Role based security (Authorization) (Permissions based on Role)

	Reliability:
		The system will backup business data ;
	
	Availability:
		uptime:   24* 7  available
		99.999%
	Maintainability:

	Portablility:
		System will provide portable User Interface ( HTML, CSS, JS) through  users will be able to access ArtForWellfare portal.

	Accessibility:
		only registered customer will be able to place an order after authentication.
Management team can reject or approve  orders.

	Durability:
		System will maintain wishlist for customer . customer  will be able to add products from wishlist  and add to shopping cart whenever needed.
System will implement backup and recovery for retaining stake holders data, bussiness operation data and business data over time.

	Efficiency:

	Modularity:
		System will designed and developed using reusable, independent or dependent business senarios in the form of modules.
These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive.
System will contain CRM , Inventory , shopping cart, order processing, payment processing, Delivery module and Roles managment modules.

	Scalability:
		System will be able  to  provide  consistent user exeprience to stake holder as well as vistors irrespective of load.

	Safety:
		Role based security will be applied for Application data and operations accessibility.

	Use Case Diagram:  ( UML)


	Design Phase:
		Use case diagram
		Activity diagram
		State Transition diagram
		Class diagram
		deployment diagram
		object diagram
	

		


	
	
	

	 