Document:System Requirement Specification Document

Title:System Reqruiement Spefication for Online portal (Art for Welfare)

Team:
	

Objective (Purpose):
	Purpose of this online portal is to interconnect people who have intrest in charity , who believe in donating, sharing ,giving to others
   .Here we connect 3 parties i.e Customer , Artist, and NGO's. Our main motto is to help and donate money throgh art.we will connect artist 
who want to donate their art for helping others .Also we will connect with some NGO who work for welfare of people. Now for we will our 
customer who will buy arts from our portal .

Scope:
This portal allows artist's to add their products/arts and select NGO's where he can donate his money.NGO's can register them selg to portal 
and they will be flash on portal. At the same time the customers will visit site and can chose the item they want to buy and can proceed with 
ordering process.

Definitions:
	OSS: Online Shopping System
	QA:  Quality Assurance
	Portal: Peronalized Online Web Application
	MIS: Management Information System
	CRM: Customer Relation Managment
	BI:  Business Intelligence
	Dashboard: Personalized information presented using  BI techniques such grid, score card, graph

Requirements:

Functional Requirements: 

Any annonymous User will be able to view different products avaialble for sale. Any User will be able select product to view from categories available. 
Registered Artists will be able promote thier product for sale by adding products to the product catalog maintained by System.

Whenever Anonymous user tries to buy product it should redirect to register page ,and should be authorised.

Artists will be able to update product details of alredy existing product and also will be able to add new product.

At the time of adding artist will be able select how much percent to be donated to NGO and also should be select his prefered NGO.

At should have his separate login , where he can keep on updating his account details. 

